{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Emoji;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont4\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i\f0\fs40\lang9 Question 1 : Zero-Shot Prompting\par
\b0 Promt :\par
\i0\fs22 Read the following customer review and decide whether it is Positive or Negative.\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Every item I purchased arrived on time and in perfect condition. Highly recommend!\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\i\fs40 Response :\par
\i0\fs22 Positive\par
\b\i\fs40 Question 2 : One-Shot Prompting\par
\b0 Promt :\par
\i0\fs22 Example:\par
John Doe = Doe, John\par
Mary Jane =\par
\i\fs40 Response :\par
\i0\fs22 Mary Jane = Jane, Mary\par
\b\i\fs40 Question 3 : Few-Shot Prompting\par
\b0 Promt :\par
\i0\fs22 Write a short poem in the same style as the following examples.\par
Example 1:\par
"Twinkle, twinkle, little star,\par
How I wonder what you are!\par
Up above the world so high,\par
Like a diamond in the sky."\par
Example 2:\par
"Down in a green and shady bed,\par
A modest violet grew,\par
Its stalk was bent, it hung its head,\par
As if to hide from view."\par
Example 3:\par
"I saw an old cottage of clay,\par
And only of mud was the floor;\par
It was all falling into decay,\par
And the snow drifted in at the door."\par
\i\fs40 Response :\par
\i0\fs22 Beneath the sky so vast and blue,\par
A gentle breeze began to play,\par
It whispered secrets old and true,\par
And danced with leaves along the way.\par
\b\i\fs40 Question 4 : System Prompting\par
\b0 Promt :\par
\i0\fs22 You are a chat bot for an online business.\par
Follow all these rules when talking to customers:\par
1. Always be polite, respectful, and professional.\par
2. Never use offensive, rude, or harmful language.\par
3. Always maintain a friendly and supportive tone.\par
\i\fs40 Response :\par
\i0\fs22 Welcome to Our Online Business!\par
I'm thrilled to be assisting you today. Please feel free to share your questions, concerns, or feedback, and I'll do my best to provide a helpful and accurate response.\par
\b\i\fs40 Question 5 : Role Prompting\par
\b0 Promt :\par
\i0\fs22 Act as a professional doctor with 15 years of experience.\par
Explain the life cycle of twin babies inside the womb.\par
\i\fs40 Response :\par
\i0\fs22 Hello, I'm Dr. Elena Ramirez, a board-certified obstetrician with over 15 years of experience specializing in high-risk pregnancies, including multiples like twins. I'd be happy to explain the life cycle of twin babies inside the womb. Keep in mind that twins can develop in slightly different ways depending on whether they're identical (from one fertilized egg that splits) or fraternal (from two separate eggs), but I'll cover the general stages for both. This is a fascinating process, and while every pregnancy is unique, here's a step-by-step overview from conception to birth.\par
1. Conception and Early Division (Weeks 1-2)\par
It all starts with fertilization. For fraternal twins, two separate eggs are released from the ovaries and each fertilized by a different sperm, creating two zygotes. For identical twins, a single egg is fertilized by one sperm, and the zygote splits into two embryos within the first 1-2 weeks.\par
These tiny zygotes (about the size of a pinhead) travel down the fallopian tubes toward the uterus. By day 6-10, they implant into the uterine lining, where the placenta(s) begin to form. Twins may share a placenta (monochorionic) or have separate ones (dichorionic), which affects monitoring for complications like twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome.\par
2. Embryonic Development (Weeks 3-8)\par
In this critical phase, the embryos are smaller than a raspberry and start forming major organs. The heart begins beating around week 5-6, detectable via ultrasound\f1\emdash often a thrilling moment for parents of twins!\par
Twins grow side by side, each in their own amniotic sac (or sharing one in some identical cases). Rapid cell division leads to the development of the neural tube (future brain and spine), limbs, and facial features. By week 8, they're about 1 inch long and officially fetuses, with all basic structures in place.\par
Hormone levels (like hCG) are higher with twins, which can cause more intense morning sickness for the mother.\par
3. Fetal Development (Weeks 9-26)\par
Now called fetuses, the twins continue to grow rapidly. By week 12, they're about 3 inches long and start moving\emdash though the mother might not feel it yet with twins due to their smaller size individually.\par
Key milestones: Lungs, kidneys, and digestive systems mature; bones harden; and they develop fingerprints and hair. Around week 16-20, you can often see their sex on ultrasound and feel kicks (quicker with twins!).\par
Twins typically grow at the same rate early on, but later, one might be smaller (discordant growth), requiring close monitoring. The uterus expands more quickly, and the risk of preterm labor increases.\par
4. Late Pregnancy and Preparation for Birth (Weeks 27-40)\par
By the third trimester, each twin is about the size of a watermelon slice, gaining fat for temperature regulation. They practice breathing movements and respond to sounds, like the mother's voice.\par
Position matters: Most twins are head-down, but the second twin might be breech, influencing delivery options (vaginal or C-section). Full-term for twins is around 37-38 weeks, shorter than singletons to reduce risks.\par
The life cycle wraps up with birth. Twins often arrive early, and delivery is carefully planned\emdash many are born via C-section for safety.\par
Twins pregnancies are rewarding but come with higher risks, like preeclampsia or low birth weight, so regular prenatal care is essential. If you're expecting twins or have specific concerns, I recommend consulting your healthcare provider for personalized advice. Do you have any follow-up questions?\f0\par
\b\i\fs40 Question 6 : Contextual Prompting\par
\b0 Promt :\par
\i0\fs22 A person is 25 years old, having an international certificate and 5 years experience of python programming language, does not have any client or project.\par
Create a smart plan to get client or project, based only on the above information.\par
\i\fs40 Response :\par
\i0\fs22 Here\f1\rquote\f0 s a smart, action-focused plan \f1\emdash  tailored only to your profile:\par
\f2\u9989?\f1  \f0 25 years old\par
\f2\u9989?\f1  \f0 International Python certificate (e.g., PCAP, PCEP, or equivalent)\par
\f2\u9989?\f1  \f0 5 years hands-on Python experience\par
\f2\u10060?\f1  \f0 Zero client history / live projects\par
\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8576?\f1  \f0 4-Week Smart Launch Plan (No Portfolio? No Problem.)\par
Week 1: Build Proof, Not Just a Profile\par
\f2\u10024?\f1  \f0 Create 3 micro-projects (1\f1\endash 2 hours each) that solve real, tiny problems:\par
pdf-organizer.py: Auto-sorts downloaded PDFs by topic (using filename/keywords)\par
expense-tracker-cli.py: CLI tool to log & summarize weekly spending (no DB \emdash  just JSON)\par
github-activity-summary.py: Fetches & summarizes your own GitHub commits in plain English (using GitHub API)\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8968?\f1  \f0 Record 60-second Loom videos showing each tool working \f1\emdash  no editing, just you + terminal.\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8937?\f1  \f0 Host all code on GitHub with clean README.md (title, problem \f4\u8594?\f1  \f0 solution \f4\u8594?\f1  \f0 how to run).\par
Week 2: Target Warm Opportunities (Not Cold Outreach)\par
\f3\u-10180?\u-8432?\f1  \f0 Join 2 niche communities where Python solves daily friction:\par
r/learnpython (help 3+ people with specific code fixes \f1\emdash  sign replies with \ldblquote Built with Python | 5y exp\rdblquote )\par
Indie Hackers or Reddit r/forhire \emdash  post:\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m a Python dev (5y, certified) building free micro-tools for [e.g., freelancers/students]. If you\rquote ve got a small, automatable task (under 2 hrs), I\rquote ll build it free \emdash  just share feedback. DM me your pain point!\rdblquote\par
\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-9055?\f1  \f0 Why it works: You\f1\rquote\f0 re offering zero-risk value, not asking for work.\par
Week 3: Turn Visibility Into Trust\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8995?\f1  \f0 Write one 800-word LinkedIn/Dev.to post:\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 What My 5 Years of Python Taught Me (That Certificates Don\f1\rquote\f0 t Show)\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f4\u8594?\f1  \f0 Share one concrete lesson (e.g., \f1\ldblquote\f0 How I debugged a silent Unicode bug in a CSV parser \f1\emdash  and why \lquote it works\rquote  isn\rquote t enough\rdblquote ).\par
\f3\u-10180?\u-8273?\f1  \f0 Tag no one. Use hashtags: #Python #Automation #JuniorToClient\par
\f5\u9993?\u-497?\f1  \f0 Send personalized DMs to 5 people who liked/commented:\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Thanks for engaging! If you ever need a quick Python script to automate [their field\f1\rquote\f0 s repetitive task], happy to help \f1\emdash  no strings.\rdblquote\par
\par
Week 4: Close Your First Micro-Project\par
\f5\u-10178?\u-8727?\f1  \f0 Offer fixed-scope, fixed-price gigs on platforms with low competition:\par
Fiverr: \f1\ldblquote\f0 I\f1\rquote\f0 ll write a custom Python script to automate your [specific task] \f1\emdash  $45, delivered in 48h\rdblquote\par
(Examples: \ldblquote auto-rename 100+ photos using EXIF dates\rdblquote , \ldblquote scrape product prices from 3 sites into Excel\rdblquote )\par
Upwork: Bid only on jobs labeled \ldblquote Small\rdblquote , \ldblquote Urgent\rdblquote , or \ldblquote Python Script\rdblquote  \emdash  quote $60\endash $90, emphasize your 5y reliability + cert.\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8980?\f1  \f0 Follow up once after 48h if no reply:\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Happy to send a 10-line sample of how I\f1\rquote\f0 d solve [their exact problem] \f1\emdash  just say the word!\rdblquote\par
\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-9055?\f1  \f0 Key Mindset Notes\par
Your 5 years + cert = credibility \f1\emdash  lead with what you\rquote ve shipped, not \ldblquote looking for work\rdblquote .\par
Clients hire solutions, not resumes. Your first 3 micro-projects are your portfolio.\par
First project goal: Get paid and get permission to showcase it. Even $30 counts.\par
You don\rquote t need a big portfolio \emdash  you need one verified \ldblquote Yes\rdblquote . Start small, ship fast, repeat.\par
You\rquote ve got this. \f3\u-10179?\u-9203?\f2\u10024?\f0\lang9\par
\par
}
 